Name	Set	Imagefile	Type	Class	Race	Skills	HomeSite	Mind	Influence	GI	Prowess	Body	Strikes	Playable	MP	SP	Magic	Specific	Corruption	Region	SitePath	Draw	OpponentDraw	Rarity	Text
Angmar Arises (p)	Promo	AngmarArises2	Hazard	Permanent-event																				P	Any creature that can be keyed to a Shadow-land {s} may be keyed to Forochel, Arthedain, Gundabad, or Rhudaur. Any creature that can be keyed to a Dark-domain {d} may be keyed to Angmar or Gundabad. Discard this card when a creature keyed to one of these regions (not to the region symbol) is defeated.
Fury of the Iron Crown	Promo	FuryoftheIronCrown	Hazard	Short-event																				P	Unique. May not be played if The Iron Crown is in play. The prowess of one strike of an attack by an Orc, Troll, Man, or Nazgul creature is increased by +4. After the attack is resolved, if the creature is not a Nazgul: the creature is removed from play (defender receives the marshalling points); and, in addition, if the defender has The Iron Crown in his hand, he may immediately play it with a character in the defending company.
Ireful Flames	Promo	IrefulFlames	Hazard	Permanent-event																				P	Affects the following sites: The Loney Mountain, Irerock, Zarak Dum, and Gold Hill. For any item to be played at one of these sites, its player must remove an item in his hand from play that would itself be playable at the site. Cannot be revealed as an on-guard card. Discard Ireful Flames when any play deck is exhausted. {green} DCE: Add: Affects the following sites: Cirith Helkaloke, Shab Arch, Bat Dome
Neeker-breekers	Promo	Neekerbreekers	Hazard	Creature	Animals						7	-	1/each	{b}{w}{s}{d}{R}	1									P	Animals. Vermin. Does not effect Wizards. Each character in the company faces one strike. His prowess against such a strike is equal to his mind attribute. Any character that would normally be wounded is only tapped intstead - no body checks are made.
Never Seen Him (p)	Promo	NeverSeenHim2	Hazard	Permanent-event																				P	Playable on an agent. Target agent may take an extra agent action (which does not count against the hazard limit) each time he normally takes an agent action. Cannot be duplicated on a given agent.
Stormcrow (p)	Promo	Stormcrow2	Hazard	Permanent-event																				P	The direct influence of each Wizard is reduced by 2 (by 4 if Doors of Night is in play). Discard all resource permanent-events that have been played on each company with a Wizard (i.e., on the company as a whole, not individual characters, e.g., Fellowship). No such cards may be played on each Wizard's company. Discard this card when any play deck is exhausted. Cannot be duplicated.
Fatty Bolger	Promo	FattyBolger	Hero Character		Hobbit	Scout	Bag End	3	0		1	8			1				1					P	Unique. Unless he is one of the starting characters, he may only be brought into play at his home site. All his corruption checks are modified by +1. He can tap to cancel a strike against another hobbit in his company.
Black Arrow	Promo	BlackArrow	Hero Resource	Minor Item															1					P	Warrior only. Tap Black Arrow to give -1 to the prowess and body of any one attack against bearer's company. When Black Arrow is tapped, discard it if its bearer is not a Man. {green} DCE: Replace with: Warrior only. Tap Black Arrow to give -1 to the prowess and body of any one attack against bearer's company or to a strike in CvCC against bearer's company. When Black Arrow is tapped, discard it if its bearer is not a Man.
More Alert than Most (p)	Promo	MoreAlertthanMost2	Hero Resource	Permanent-event																				P	The number of strikes of any attack that chooses defending characters is reduced by one (to a minimum of one) - by two if Gates of Morning is in play. Discard when such attack is defeated. Cannot be duplicated.
The Iron Crown	Promo	TheIronCrown	Hero Resource	Greater Item					(+4)			(+1)			4				5					P	Unique. Whenever bearer makes an influence check, he must also make a corruption check. If the bearer is not a Hobbit: he receives +1 to body to a maximum of 10; he receives +4 to direct influence; and he may tap The Iron Crown to cancel an attack by Orcs, Trolls, or Men against his company.
Bill Ferny (p)	Promo	BillFerny2	Minion Character		Man	Warrior/Scout	Bree, Cameth Brin	3	1		2	8			1									P	Unique. Agent.
Deadly Dart	Promo	DeadlyDart	Minion Resource	Minor Item															2					P	Scout only. Tap Deadly Dart to give -1 body and -1 strike (to a minimum of one) to an automatic-attack or to a hazard creature keyed to a site. Tap its bearer or discard Deadly Dart when it is tapped. May also be used as a hero resource (i.e., included in a Wizard's deck), but may not be included with a hero starting company.
The Arkenstone *	Promo	TheArkenstone2	Minion Resource	Greater Item					(+5)						3				3					P	Unique. Jewel. +5 to bearer's direct influence against Dwarves and Dwarf factions. Each Dwarf in play has +1 mind. If the bearer of this item is at the same site as a Dwarf character, you may discard this item to force the discard of the non-avatar Dwarf (and all non-follower cards he controls).
